In our main.js file, we included an import from our render module as well as our carbon footprint points module. We include some global variables and arrays on the top then we move on to the start function. The start function is taking in 4 variables that we push through with the global variable cfpData array. The Form Listener is allowing us to run the function when we submit something through the DOM, inputting user variables then resetting so that it refreshes the data. Our footprint module includes two functions that are making points for the household as well as the house size. The render module includes our tables and rows and data. In the renderTblHeading function, we are creating the table, heading, and row to reference to the text in our index.html file. The headingTextArr.forEach function is iterating over the heading and creating the Name, Household, etc. for all the headings. Then we append the row to a heading, then append the heading to the table. The renderTbl function is essentially creating our user input data into rows by appending each object we created in the main.js.

I feel the video was helpful in going over everything we put into our code so far. Like a recap video. I think more videos like these are helpful and provide a lot of information we might have forgotten.

HOW WE HANDLE EDIT:
I think if we want to repopulate the entry boxes to have the same values as we last input, we might have to actually keep the inputs from leaving the submit array if that makes any sense. Like once we press edit, the submit eventlistener would take the past inputs we entered and repopulate the boxes with those inputs. I know my thinking is probably confusing but I can't figure out a way to explain it clearer.